Patch 404 (#426)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server.md

| **Recommended Action** | Restrict TCP port 5900 to known IP addresses |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Security Group" under "Network & Security".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step3.png"/>
4. Select the "EC2 Security Group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step4.png"/>
5. Scroll down the bottom panel and choose "Inbound rules". Verify the value for "Source" column for "Custom TCP" for port 5900 under "Type" and if any rule have value set to "0.0.0.0/0" or "::/0 " then the selected "Security Group" has "TCP" port for "VNC Server" open to the public.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step5.png"/>
6. Repeat steps number 2 - 5 to verify other "Security Groups" in the selected AWS region.</br> 

> 7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to modify to restrict the access of "TCP" port 5900 for "VNC Server"  to specific ip address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to be modified to restrict the access of "TCP" port 5900 for "VNC Server"  to specific IP address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-vnc-server/step7.png"/>
```
